hi everyone welcome back to another
video so today I'm gonna do a small
review and a little bit of demo for the
clip lens for iPhone or iPad or iPod so
I own an iPhone 4 and usually I have a
little bit of difficulty taking pictures
of myself other than in selfie mode like
using the front camera but when I use
the back camera I have a bit of
difficulty because my face is a bit too
near the cam and I don't really like the
outcome of the photo so this box
contains three different types of lenses
for your iPhone or your iPad or iPod it
has a fisheye lens the macro lens and
the wide-angle lens now what I'm gonna
do is give you guys a demonstration on
how to use this product so inside the
box you will see this clip right here
and what you do is just attach the lens
so the first lens we're gonna try out
are the fish eye lens it looks something
like this it's very small so what you do
just twist it onto the clip lens it also
comes with a lens cap which is so cute
so if ever you're not using it you just
put the lens cap on so that you won't
scratch off the lens now let us try
using it with my iPhone 4 what I'm going
to do is just clip it on here it's very
easy just clip it on and make sure that
the lens is in place now I'm going to
take a sample photo and flash it on the
screen so that you guys can see the
effect of the fish eye
but there you will see the photos that I
took with a fish lens and it looks so
fun because my face ballooned up causing
your fisheye lens
now let's move on to the macro lenses
and now this macro lens is actually
attached already to the next coat that
you will see inside the box so that is
what it looks like now the macro lens is
great for taking photos which are really
really really tiny I have this remote
control for my camera and what I'm gonna
do is just put it close
now the last lesson you will see is the
wide angled legs which looks something
like this and what you do is just attach
it through the macro lens just turn it
now as I said this is great for taking
pictures with a large group of people so
that all of you guys will be in frame
so those are all the lenses that is
contained in the clipless box so if you
want your own I'll just have all the
links of where you can get this clip
lens from in the information box I
really like it if ever you're interested
in getting your own clip let's just go
to the information box you're having a
sale so just go to the information box
and have the link down there thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next